debug configs (#13)
mcode/REMS: DockerProdSetupGuideForMacOS.md

    ```bash
    export PATH=$PATH:~/.porter
    ```

>     Note: The exact lines to add to your system path will be mentioned at the bottom of the execution of step 1 and may vary from whats above depending the operating system you installed Porter on, consult this output for how to set your system path.

Reviewer: depending *on* the operating system

on missing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: The exact lines to add to your system path will be mentioned at the bottom of the execution of step 1 and may vary from what's above depending the operating system you installed Porter on. Consult the output in your terminal for how to set your system path.
```

>     Note: How you set environment and path variables may vary depending on your operating system and terminal used, for instance for zsh on MacOS you typically need to modify .zshrc instead of .bash_profile. To figure out how to set environment variables for your system, consult the guides below or google `how to permentaly set environment/path variables on [insert operating system] [insert terminal type]`.

Author: Not sure if this explanation is good or needs more reworking, Ed from FDA was complaining about the instructions not being clear enough on this step as depending your os and terminal, .bash_profile isn't always the file that needs to be modified for adding permanent environment variables or updating the system path. This typically varies depending on os and terminal used and listing out every possible combination and file to modify doesn't seem like the best solution, but I told Ed I would add some more clarifying instructions for setting environment variables so this is what I cam up with. Thoughts @kierk?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Note: How you set environment and path variables may vary depending on your operating system and terminal used. For instance, for zsh on MacOS you typically need to modify .zshrc instead of .bash_profile. To figure out how to set environment variables for your system, consult the guides below or google `how to permentaly set environment/path variables on [insert operating system] [insert terminal type]`.
```

Reviewer: I think this is good to make it more OS agnostic. 👍

> Be aware that if you have chosen to skip this step, you will be required to manually provide your VSAC credentials at http://localhost:8090/data and hit **Reload Data** every time you want DRLS to use new or updated value sets.

Note: How you set environment and path variables may vary depending on your operating system and terminal used, for instance for zsh on MacOS you typically need to modify .zshrc instead of .bash_profile. To figure out how to set environment variables for your system, consult the guides below or google `how to permentaly set environment/path variables on [insert operating system] [insert terminal type]`.

    For more information on how to set environment variables consult these following guides:

    - https://chlee.co/how-to-setup-environment-variables-for-windows-mac-and-linux/
    - https://www3.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/howto/Environment_Variables.html

>     - https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/117467/how-to-permanently-set-environmental-variables

Reviewer: Make sure to make the changes suggested to this section as well (if accepted).

You could DRY this out a bit and make a environment / path subsection and then just reference it here with the `[](#section-name)` syntax.

    ```bash
    source .bash_profile
    ```
Note: How you set environment and path variables may vary depending on your operating system and terminal used, for instance for zsh on MacOS you typically need to modify .zshrc instead of .bash_profile. To figure out how to set environment variables for your system, consult the guides below or google `how to permentaly set environment/path variables on [insert operating system] [insert terminal type]`.

    For more information on how to set environment variables consult these following guides:

    - https://chlee.co/how-to-setup-environment-variables-for-windows-mac-and-linux/
    - https://www3.ntu.edu.sg/home/ehchua/programming/howto/Environment_Variables.html

>     - https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/117467/how-to-permanently-set-environmental-variables

Reviewer: Same as mentioned above, since this is repeated it will be annoying to maintain edits moving forward - put this in one section and then refer to it in following sections with markdown links.
